# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
A good methodology for interpreting user needs would be to create a user persona based on the intended user then take that information and interact with that group via a questionaire or other method to ensure that you have interpreted the needs correctly. If you find that there were incorrect assumptions made after the interview (questionaire) stage you would take that data to update your user persona. User stories ensure that the team has the most relevant information about their user and are therefore able to present the program in a manner that is most advantageous to the user.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I would first ensure that I understand the requirements as presented by the Project Owner as well as the order in which they want them completed including their definition of done. The tasks would be broken into smaller parts represented by user stories. These stories would be taken by the Development team, converted into code and tested during the sprint. The tester would ensure that the test resulted in the Project Owner's definition of done and if not would contact the appropriote team member to fix the issue. When they are made aware that the task has been fixed they will retest the component. At the end of each sprint the team will show their work to the stakeholders. In order to keep things organized and ensure transparency, the team will utilize a Kanban board so that team members know what is being worked on, who is doing it and what things still need to be done in the current sprint as well as items on the backlog.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member means taking responsibility for yourself as well as your team. This would mean meeting deadlines and if there is a problem informing the team as soon as you are aware there is a problem. If there is someone on your team that is having problems that you are able to assist, offer your assistance. When discussing issues with the project or the team, limiting the response to comments about the issue or the behavior and not the person.
